All right.
So we've seen the basics of decorators.
I promised I would show you some examples that would actually be useful rather than just greeting or
upper casing things.
So the first example I'll show you has to do with benchmarking or speed testing or code back in the
generator section.
I don't know if you made it through that section.
First of all.
But if you remember we saw the difference between doing something with a list comprehension like x for
x in range 100 versus doing it with a generator expression where no list is actually created here the
entire list is created and then summed.
Anyway if you have questions about the differences and what a generator expression is.
Go back and watch the generator expression or the entire generator section.
But remember the code that I used I basically imported time and then I was doing something like start
time equals Time.com time and then time that Tim and then I would do the code and then afterwards I
would do.
I don't know.
Total time equals Time.com time minus start time.
OK.
And I did this for every well in this case for two things to compare them and I had to write that code
out twice.
I just run these variables each time it cluttered up my code a lot.
Not to mention the print where I was doing a print statement that said something like.
It took four point two seconds or whatever.
Whatever the print said this is a great use case for a decorator because all I wanted to do is basically
wrap my function call with the speed test code so we could get rid of all of this coming this out or
to beat that to start.
Let's do as the common says define a speed test decorator.
So the first thing we could do is just define speed test and the whole idea is that I should be able
to do something like I don't know def some Nom's And then there put some code but in front of it I should
be able to say I want to speed test on this and then down here I could have another one.
I want a speed test on that for that to work.
I need to define speed test F-in and first thing we should do is define wrapper and the default should
be ARBs and then quires as we saw at the last video two videos ago.
And then we should get time in here.
So we need time but the thing is we only really need this time method on the time module.
So let's do from time import time.
So now I can do something like t one equals time instead of time got time then we're going to run the
code.
So that would be 10 dead.
This would be something like result equals call F-in with with args and choirs.
So we're capturing the start time then we're running the code.
Whatever the function is.
And then after that we're going to capture the time actually prefer start time with those longer and
time.
OK.
And then we'll want to do something like print.
And what we want to print is do an F string and let's just say time elapsed and the calculation is simply
end time minus start time.
And then of course we do need to return the results if you want to do something with it.
And then we return wrapper and we should just add in wraps.
So from phunk tools import wraps if you're not clear on what this is.
Go back and watch the video.
It's kind of boilerplate at this point for any decorator function that we define.
OK.
So looks good.
Let's test it out and am I missing anything.
In all likelihood yes somewhere.
Let's do some numbers and I should just be a really simple function that returns.
Let's do some and use a generator expression.
We don't need anything in there to do x for x in range.
Well some of the first how many however many numbers that is OK.
And this should work except we need to call it print some numbers.
Let's give it a shot.
No what's the problem here.
I wasn't missing a colon.
Typical.
Try that again.
There we go.
So now we get time elapsed Zero Point 1 0 4 blah blah blah.
We could have this round and you know not have such a long string here of numbers and then here's the
return value.
The first was it million digits some together.
Awesome.
So we've created this pretty simple decorator that is really easy for us to use and just throw onto
any Fulker put in front of any function and have that function speed tested.
It's not the most accurate or precise way of benchmarking and we're not you know checking things like
memory usage.
It's purely about time but it's close enough for what I want to show you and to test it out again.
Let's do the same thing except let's do one with a gen in one with a list.
And so in the gentleman will leave it alone.
The last one however we use a list comprehension right here.
Turn it into a list first.
This should be a lot slower and instead of what one million let's do 50 million like that and then let's
print some Nom's Jen and then list afterwards.
The only thing that would be nice right now when we run it it will just say time elapsed time elapsed
and it won't be clear which is which.
I mean we know that order that they're called in but if I do it it takes a moment to because we're doing
50 million digits now.
OK.
That's the first one I believe generator was first and then this was the second one using a list.
You can see it was definitely slower but it would be nice if it told us which was which.
And that's not hard to do.
All we need to do is do it here print an F string.
Let's just say executing.
And then the name of the function is just F-in dot Tunder name.
And then let's increase the stakes here.
Let's do nine.
$90 million.
How about that.
And the difference should be clearer now.
Okay.
So it might take a moment.
Couple seconds for each chip to do.
What do I talk about.
OK.
Five point nine seconds for one to use the generator and come on you can do it eight point six seconds.
When you use a list comprehension to get the exact same result at the end you can see the numbers are
identical that we get back.
This one took eight eight point six.
This one took 5.9.
Big big difference.
OK.
The point the video was to show you that we could benefit from making a generator in a situation like
this where we're taking code putting out on one side of a function and then calling it after and we're
doing that a couple of times.
Why not make it into a generator or code looks so much cleaner now.
And this is nice and easy.
We just put speed tests in front of whatever we want.
It's beautiful absolutely majestic compared to some other programming languages.
So cool stuff.